Add `Community Choice 2023: Results` news post (#10946)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-02-12-community-choice-2023-results.md

Just like last year, the *Mapper's Favourite* category only considers mappers that have had at least 1 map ranked in the contest's respective game mode in order to keep results for said category more faithful to people's expectations.

As per usual, all contributors to a winning mapset for either *Community Choice* picks or *Mapper's Favourite* picks will receive the profile badge prize, alongside the osu!supporter prize being divided among all contributors, with every contributor receiving at least 1 month's worth of osu!supporter no matter how many there are. You may discover why we're doing this as you're reading along.

Without further delay, let's get straight into the results!

## osu!

### Community Choice

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-12-community-choice-2023-results/2088431.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2088431)

Spinning its way to the top, [**IOSYS - Hinarin no Yakui Kankei (Edit ver.)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2088431) has taken the breath of voters with its eccentric, yet amusing gameplay.

> Brought to life by [Luscent](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2688581) for the [osu! World Cup 2023 semifinals](/wiki/Tournaments/OWC/2023#semifinals) with the help of guest mappers [Amateurre](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7326908), [allein](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6221637), and [Down](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4694602), this banger of a map will surely resonate endlessly in your head alongside its catchy chorus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Brought to life by [Luscent](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2688581) for the [osu! World Cup 2023 Semifinals](/wiki/Tournaments/OWC/2023#semifinals) with the help of guest mappers [Amateurre](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7326908), [allein](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6221637), and [Down](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4694602), this banger of a map will surely resonate endlessly in your head with its catchy chorus.
```

- [**ZAQ - Dance In The Game**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1871920) by [**Petal**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7354729) with **28** votes.
- [**griffon nakano - soranosita**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1551329) by [**Mirash**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2841009) with **27** votes.
- [**ORESAMA - OPEN THE WORLDS**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1880608) by [**flake**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7627157) with **24** votes.
- [**\[REDACTED\]**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1780095) by [**Mirash**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2841009) with **24** votes.
- [**Annabel - wormhole**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1884175) by [**Lince Cosmico**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6070370) with **24** votes.

## osu!taiko

### Community Choice

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-12-community-choice-2023-results/1869818.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1869818)

[**Cascada - Everytime We Touch \[Fvrwvrd's 700 BPM Speedcore Edit\]**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1869818) by [Genjuro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3196091) rizzes its way to become osu!taiko's *Community Favourite* of 2023!

> Having the top difficulty's main focus on extreme difficulty in 350 BPM juiciness, alongside featuring a wide range of guest difficulties from [KyeX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15118934), [ler1211](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19901680), [The Law](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11357694), [Boaz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13302996), [Hivie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976), [CallMeLyra](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15272997), [Ulqui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1263669), and [HomieLove](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8693851), there's certainly something to enjoy for any skill caliber out there!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a top difficulty going hard with 350 BPM juiciness, alongside a wide range of guest difficulties from [KyeX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15118934), [ler1211](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19901680), [The Law](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11357694), [Boaz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13302996), [Hivie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976), [CallMeLyra](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15272997), [Ulqui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1263669), and [HomieLove](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8693851), there's certainly something to enjoy for any skill calibre out there!
```

- [**Boaz Sound Team "ptar124" - How do you pronounce Boaz?**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1832938) by [**ptar124**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4325444) with **38** votes.
- [**Slax - Lunaticon**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2042964) by [**Hivie**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976) with **37** votes.
- [**Babuchan - 13 stairs**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1093671) by [**Alchyr**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4993032) with **37** votes.
- [**DJ SHARPNEL - FUWANITY**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1904848) by [**Eriha**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16320311) with **37** votes.
- [**GTS Sound Team - \<\<wr/d.:maker\>\> ~Harmony in Reset~**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2036571) by [**Cynplytholowazy**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3901754) with **35** votes.

### Mapper's Favourite

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-12-community-choice-2023-results/1976834.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1976834)

The osu!taiko mapping community has decided to crown [**BilliumMoto & Dictate - 1KARUGA**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1976834) as their favourite set of 2023! 

> Created by the joint prowess of 2 mapping titans [HiroK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4050738) and [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719) for the [osu!taiko World Cup 2023 Finals Tiebreaker](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2023#finals), it sets some high expectations to live up to, and to the surprise of no one, it *exceeds* them. Featuring all kinds of intricate and obscure snaps (some of which don't even exist in the current snap divisor), HiroK and uone perfectly capture the incredibly chaotic essence of the song in a way that's both fun and challenging to play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Created by the joint prowess of 2 mapping titans [HiroK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4050738) and [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719) for the [osu!taiko World Cup 2023 Finals tiebreaker](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2023#finals), it sets some high expectations to live up to, and to the surprise of no one, it *exceeds* them. Featuring all kinds of intricate and obscure snaps (some of which don't even exist in the current set of snap divisors), HiroK and uone perfectly capture the incredibly chaotic essence of the song in a way that's both fun and challenging to play.
```

- [**sepiarecorders - \*\*\*\*\*\***](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2069665) by [**cdh**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2403621) with **11** votes.
- [**Boaz Sound Team "ptar124" - How do you pronounce Boaz?**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1832938) by [**ptar124**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4325444) with **11** votes.
- [**seatrus - ILLEGAL LEGACY**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1934878) by [**\[Zeth\]**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9912966) with **11** votes.
- [**Camellia - Kamah (Scythe)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1908845) by [**Ph0eNiiXZ**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9463721) with **11** votes.
- [**Frums - Yoku**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2033762) by [**_Rise**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5217107) with **11** votes.

## osu!catch

### Community Choice

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-12-community-choice-2023-results/1960673.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1960673)

[Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)'s [**Jea - snows ~Soshite Kiseki~**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1960673) takes the spotlight of osu!catch's *Community Choice*!

> The beatmap is basically 1 very long stream, but the real magic is happing with the way it's executing its patterning. Utilizing concepts such as symmetry, repetitions, and other convert-styled conventions, it provides a very unique experience that's equally fun to play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The beatmap is basically 1 very long stream, but the real magic is in the execution of its patterning. Utilising concepts such as symmetry, repetitions, and other convert-styled conventions, it provides a very unique experience that's equally fun to play.
```

- [**kanemiko - comet casting capsule ("catching celestial clusters" Long Version)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2055747) by [**Kimitakari**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4741164) with **7** votes.
- [**DJ Raisei - Delta23**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1923443) by [**Jemzuu**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7890134) with **7** votes.
- [**Lime - BEYOND**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1938940) by [**GiGas**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7300747) with **7** votes.
- [**Camellia - CICADA3302**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2097061) by [**Unlucky_w**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4820793) with **7** votes.
- [**Camellia feat. Camellia - Ashed Wings**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1907655) by [**Rocma**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276) with **6** votes.
- [**CustomiZ - COOLEST (TV Size)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2054394) by [**Ascendance**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) with **6** votes.
- [**Camellia - Fly Wit Me**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1613644) by [**-Ken**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4430811) with **6** votes.

## osu!mania

### Community Choice

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-02-12-community-choice-2023-results/2062263.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2062263)

> [**Camellia - Parallel Universe Shifter**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2062263) is not just a beatmap, it's a rich love letter to the osu!mania game mode and a celebration of the osu!mania 4K World Cup's 10th anniversary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Camellia - Parallel Universe Shifter**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2062263) is not just a beatmap. It's a rich love letter to the osu!mania game mode and a celebration of the osu!mania 4K World Cup's 10th anniversary.
```
